1. You want to store the backup of a database in Object Storage for a long period of time due to mandatory compliance.

Which approach should you use?
Very large data sheets
Content repository
Backup/archive (*)
Big data/Hadoop
 Correct
 
2. You want to use an orchestration service that can reduce time and cost to build modern cloud native applications.

Which service should you use for this?
Data flow
API gateway
Data science
Container Engine for Kubernetes (OKE) (*)
Docker
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Registry (OCIR)
 Correct
 
3. Which two infrastructure options can you use for deploying an Oracle Autonomous Database?
VM on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
Bare metal on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
Shared Exadata infrastructure (*)
Dedicated Exadata infrastructure (*)
Autonomous Database Engineered System

4. Which statement is FALSE about Oracle Cloud Infrastructure compartments?
Resources and compartments can be added and deleted any time.
Resources can be moved from one compartment to another.
Compartments cannot be nested. (*)
Each OCI resource belongs to a single compartment.

5. Which three are the control planes on which a Compute control plane depends?
Networking (*)
Block volumes (*)
Functions
Performance
Application
Object Storage (*)

6. You want to deploy an application on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) and you need multiple virtual machines, block storage, databases, a load balancer, and a web application firewall.

What service should you use to host this application?
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Platform as a Service (PaaS)
Function as a Service (FaaS)
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) (*)

7. What does vertical scaling mean?
Changing to a larger or smaller shape (*)
Enabling disaster recovery
Providing fault tolerance
Adding additional compute instances

8. You want to track the activities performed by different apps on the services and provide operation insights.

Which Observability and Management service would you use to monitor them?
Monitoring
Logging
Analytics Cloud
Logging Analytics (*)
Health check

9. Which three are Oracle's responsibilities in the shared security model in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure?
Endpoints
Software (*)
Patching
Data
Hardware (*)
IAM
Networking (*)

10. Which two statements are true about a Virtual Cloud Network (VCN)?
A subnet for a VCN can be defined in different availability domains (ADs). (*)
A VCN cannot connect to another VCN.
A VCN can be used with only one DB system.
A VCN can reside only in a single region but can cross multiple ADs. (*)

11. Which Oracle Cloud Infrastructure capability can you use to protect against failures within an availability domain?
Automatic backups
Regions
Fault domains (*)
Data plane

12. You want to restrict direct access to resources with public endpoints, and you also want to limit the time available to access resources.

Which service should you use to achieve this?
WAF
Bastion (*)
Cloud Guard
Vault
Security zone

13. Which two statements are true about regions and availability domains (ADs)?
OCI is hosted in one region with multiple availability domains.
A region can have only one AD for disaster recovery capabilities.
Regions provide disaster recovery capabilities. (*)
OCI is hosted in multiple regions and multiple availability domains. (*)

14. What do you use to isolate Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) resources from different users logically so that they do not update or delete other users' resources?
Compartments (*)
Groups
Availability domain
Tenancy
Dynamic groups

15. You want to deploy a mission-critical application in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI), which must be globally available at all times.

Which deployment strategy must you implement?
Multi-VCN in two OCI regions
All availability domains in your home region.
Multi-region (*)
Multiple availability domains

16. You want to monitor the timing of high CPU usage by an application.

Which Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) service should you use?
Logging Analytics
Events
Monitoring (*)
Logging
Analytics

17. Which three statements are true about a dedicated region?
It is used with banking, payments processing, and risk management services. (*)
It supports applications that have high latency or local data residency requirements.
It generates near–real time responses to end-user applications or communicates with other on-premises systems. (*)
It can be used to easily apply analytics and machine learning services to health management systems. (*)
It is an integrated solution that provides a native VMware-based cloud environment.

18. Which service should you use to manage metadata, which helps to discover data and support data governance?
Oracle Integration
Data Integration
Data Science
Data Flow
Data Catalog (*)

19. You have developed an application for your company and you want to deploy it in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.

How must you deploy the application to ensure the highest level of availability and resilience?
Across multiple regions and availability domains (*)
Across multiple Virtual Cloud Networks
Across multiple availability domains and subnets
Across multiple availability domains and fault domains

20. Which three components are created along with the Virtual Cloud Network (VCN) by using Start VCN Wizard?
Object Storage
Security list (*)
Route table (*)
Compute
Dynamic routing gateway
Internet gateway (*)

21. What are three benefits of a dedicated region?
99.95% availability (*)
Security of the private cloud (*)
Yearly Flex model for pricing
Static workloads
High latency
Data sovereignty (*)

22. Which three statements are true about the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Object Storage service?
It enables you to save data in an object storage bucket. (*)
It does not support private access from OCI resources in a VCN through a service gateway.
It is a high-performance storage platform that offers reliable and cost-efficient data durability. (*)
It can store a finite amount of unstructured data, analytical data, and rich content.
It is tied to a specific compute instance.
It enables you to store or retrieve data directly from the Internet or from within the cloud platform. (*)

23. Which statement is true about an Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Compute instance?
It cannot leverage the auto-scaling feature.
It always gets a private IP address. (*)
It always gets a public IP address.
It does not use a boot volume.

24. Which two statements are true about Web Application Firewall (WAF)?
It intercepts HTTP/S traffic and passes it through a set of rules. (*)
It intercepts HTTP traffic only and filters it against the set rules applied.
It blocks HTTPS requests only and responds with an error page.
It protects from attacks over the web application. (*)

25. You want to create a 2-node RAC with block storage, and you will need to scale up the storage in the future.

Which DB system should you use to meet this requirement?
VM DB system with extreme performance database edition (*)
Bare metal DB system with any database edition except standard edition
VM DB system with any database edition except standard edition
Bare metal DB system with extreme performance database edition only

26. You want to store and manage container images on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) and you want to share them with the other developers working on the same application.

Which service should you use?
Kubernetes cluster
API Gateway
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Registry (OCIR) (*)
Functions

27. Which two tasks does the Autonomous Database perform by default?
Firmware patching (*)
User creation
Data loading
Database upgrades (*)

28. Which statement is true about the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Compute service?
When you stop a compute instance, all data on the boot volume is lost.
You cannot attach a block volume to a compute instance.
You can attach a maximum of one public IP to each compute instance.
You can launch either virtual machines or bare metal instances. (*)

29. Which service should you use to run Apache Spark applications, which also provides API support for integration with applications and workflows?
Oracle Integration
Data Science
Data Catalog
Data Integration
Data Flow (*)

30. Which three pricing models are available for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure?
Pay as you go (*)
Annual universal credits (*)
License included
Bring your own license (*)
Yearly Flex

31. You need some Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) services to build an application; however, you do not want to pay upfront because the usage is not regular and you want to be charged only for the services consumed.

Which pricing model should you choose?
Bring your own license
Pay as you go (*)
Annual Flex
Monthly Flex

32. What are three benefits of Oracle Cloud Infrastructure as end-to-end service-level agreements?
Manageability (*)
Support
Availability (*)
Performance (*)
Reliability

33. Which three are customer's responsibilities in the shared responsibilities model for security?
IAM framework
Key management (*)
VCN configuration (*)
Physical security
IAM policies (*)
Storage isolation